doc(request-transformer) note about X-Forwarded-* headers (#1883)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/request-transformer/index.md

  extra: |
    Note: if the value contains a `,` then the comma-separated format for lists cannot be used. The array notation must be used instead.

>     Note: the `X-Forwarded-*` are non-standard header fields written by Nginx to inform the upstream about client details and can't be overwritten by this plugin. If overwriting these header fields is needed, please see [post-function plugin in Serverless Functions](https://docs.konghq.com/hub/kong-inc/serverless-functions/).

Reviewer: For readability, I think it would be better to combine the notes into one section, eg:

```suggestion
**Notes**: 
* If the value contains a `,` then the comma-separated format for lists cannot be used. The array notation must be used instead.
* The `X-Forwarded-*` fields are non-standard header fields written by Nginx to inform the upstream about client details and can't be overwritten by this plugin. If you need to overwrite these header fields, see the [post-function plugin in Serverless Functions](https://docs.konghq.com/hub/kong-inc/serverless-functions/).
```

Author: Thank you!
